{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 \fmodern Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 {\b 1. Executive Summary}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Australia\u8217's 2.6 million SMEs bleed $38.6 billion annually from operational friction}\u8212-manual drudgery and siloed systems that choke growth and doom 70% of AI projects to failure. SrvdNeat attacks the root cause, making AI not just viable, but transformative.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Our Friction-First Solution}: A 5-minute {\b Friction Audit} uncovers 60+ behavioral signals, revealing hidden inefficiencies and prioritizing high-ROI automations. Within 48 hours, {\b NeatLM} deploys adaptive, self-optimizing AI workflows\u8212-yielding {\b 251% ROI}, {\b 95% success rates}, and seamless integration even in legacy setups.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Traction Without a Prototype}: We secured $75K from three inbound clients (plus a $10K unsolicited gift) through word-of-mouth alone\u8212-100% conversion on initial conversations, spanning untapped verticals like engineering and agriculture. This validates demand: SMEs crave outcomes, not experiments.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Market Catalyst}: OpenAI\u8217's $185B Australian AI initiative (announced July 2025) supercharges ecosystem growth, aligning perfectly with our focus on SME readiness. We're poised to capture a $10\u8211-15B opportunity by eliminating AI's biggest killer: unaddressed friction.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b The Ask}: Raising {\b $2M seed} to fuel our GTM engine and behavioral AI stack, targeting {\b $4.5M ARR in 24 months}. Partner with us to redefine SME productivity\u8212-where AI doesn't fail, it accelerates.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 {\b 2. Brand Overview}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Friction reveals the problem. NeatLM delivers the upgrade. With SrvdNeat, AI compounds.}2. Company Overview\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Vision & Mission\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Vision:} To ignite Australia's next wave of SME productivity by eradicating operational friction and unlocking scalable, intelligent automation.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Mission:} To empower every SME to deploy AI that delivers\u8212-through precise friction diagnostics, seamless execution orchestration, and deep workflow intelligence, unlocking the 70%+ productivity gains proven in successful AI integrations.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Value Pillars & Approach\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Friction Blocks AI.} It's not tool access\u8212-it's the disarray that derails deployment.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Infrastructure Over Tools.} We don't patch chaos; we reconstruct robust foundations for lasting AI impact.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Behavior Unlocks Potential.} Inefficiencies follow patterns\u8212-we map them to reveal actionable opportunities.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Adoption Demands Design.} AI must mold to people, not force them to adapt.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b SMEs Merit Excellence.} They drive half the economy yet limp with makeshift fixes. We're changing that.\sa180\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\cf1 [image: https://sdmntprnorthcentralus.oaiusercontent.com/files/00000000-8e3c-622f-93e4-2b74c8d17f29/raw?se=2025-07-23T08%3A09%3A34Z&sp=r&sv=2024-08-04&sr=b&scid=fb81743f-b114-5f88-aaad-c0ad816c579e&skoid=ec8eb293-a61a-47e0-abd0-6051cc94b050&sktid=a48cca56-e6da-484e-a814-9c849652bcb3&skt=2025-07-22T23%3A52%3A42Z&ske=2025-07-23T23%3A52%3A42Z&sks=b&skv=2024-08-04&sig=Ioh3NFJMAxR87N0Y7SOIPae7mu62wNJheuGf1wNSo4s%3D]\cf0}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 {\b 3. Why Now: SrvdNeat\u8217's Moment}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b AI isn\u8217't too early for SMEs\u8212-it\u8217's already here, and it\u8217's already failing.}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b 65% of Australian SMEs} report stalled or failed AI projects\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b 80% of owners} see AI as vital for customer reach and competitiveness\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b 63% use AI weekly}, but only for shallow tasks like admin support or basic visuals\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 {\b The problem isn\u8217't interest\u8212-it\u8217's integration.}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0  \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 {\b Timing Tailwinds: July 2025 Is a Generational Moment}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 SrvdNeat launches at the collision point of two structural shifts:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel3 \b \fs24 {\b 1.} {\b $185B Federal AI Infrastructure Initiative (July 2025)}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 OpenAI and the Australian Government have made a landmark commitment to {\b fixing SME execution barriers}\u8212-the exact domain SrvdNeat was built to solve.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Focuses on SME enablement, operational readiness, and orchestration\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Attacks fragmentation\u8212-not just by adding more tools\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Directly mirrors SrvdNeat\u8217's friction-first model, almost word for word\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 2.} {\b From AI Hype to AI Accountability}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The market has matured. SMEs are no longer dazzled by demos:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Prototypes don\u8217't cut it\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Leaders want embedded, measurable outcomes\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b SrvdNeat delivers execution, not theatre}\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 {\b Sector Momentum: The Wave Is Breaking Now}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Professional Services Surge:} Legal, finance, and admin-heavy SMEs are driving an {\b 11.4% CAGR} in automation software\u8212-no signs of slowing\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Government-Subsidised Adoption:} Programs like the Digital Solutions Program and Industry Growth Fund are de-risking AI investment for SMEs\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Post-COVID Infrastructure Maturity:} Digitisation grants have primed systems\u8212-but execution still fails\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Affordable Orchestration:} Model and infra costs are finally within SME reach\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Workforce Pressure:} Labour shortages, burnout, and compliance fatigue are accelerating urgency\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 {\b Adoption is no longer the hurdle\u8212-execution is.} AI tools are everywhere. But {\b with <30% success rates}, the market has made one thing clear: {\b tools don\u8217't transform. Infrastructure does.}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\cf1 [image: https://sdmntprcentralus.oaiusercontent.com/files/00000000-48d0-61f5-84bd-e79232d9a1bf/raw?se=2025-07-23T08%3A09%3A34Z&sp=r&sv=2024-08-04&sr=b&scid=d0117fa6-bbe5-57e1-9c96-3a2c767a133c&skoid=ec8eb293-a61a-47e0-abd0-6051cc94b050&sktid=a48cca56-e6da-484e-a814-9c849652bcb3&skt=2025-07-22T23%3A52%3A48Z&ske=2025-07-23T23%3A52%3A48Z&sks=b&skv=2024-08-04&sig=fp356DBnA8iB73pxAu0P9wDHW5GkBhVY69Yy5naX1Rk%3D]\cf0}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 {\b 4. Problem}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 The Friction Economy\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Australia's SMEs collectively lose over $38.6 billion annually due to operational friction. This friction is primarily driven by:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Manual load:} Excessive data entry, filing, and cross-system handoffs\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Lost context:} Inefficient communication through email chains, siloed information, and reliance on PDF-based workflows\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Reactive processes:} Inefficient handling of compliance, client onboarding, and billing\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Scalability blockers:} Non-standardized operations, reliance on tribal knowledge, and over-dependence on key individuals\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 SrvdNeat quantifies this with a proprietary Friction Index, benchmarked across six dimensions. Most SMEs score 3.2/5 or higher, indicating a critical state for AI deployment without foundational operational changes.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 SrvdNeat doesn\u8217't chase AI hype. It solves AI failure. Right as policy, pricing, and demand align \u8212- we enter with the one thing that\u8217's been missing: **An execution architecture that turns AI theory into operational reality. \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Manual load:} Excessive data entry, filing, and cross-system handoffs\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Lost context:} Inefficient communication through email chains, siloed information, and reliance on PDF-based workflows\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Reactive processes:} Inefficient handling of compliance, client onboarding, and billing\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Scalability blockers:} Non-standardized operations, reliance on tribal knowledge, and over-dependence on key individuals\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 SrvdNeat quantifies this with a proprietary Friction Index, benchmarked across six dimensions. Most SMEs score 3.2/5 or higher, indicating a critical state for AI de ployment without foundational operational changes.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Root Causes of AI Failure\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 AI solutions often fail not because they lack intelligence, but because they are introduced into chaotic operational environments. Most SME operations are characterized by:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Unstructured:} Lacking clear process ownership and relying on ad hoc tasks\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Overloaded:} Burdened by manual workflows and constant reactive firefighting\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Siloed:} Information and data are scattered across emails, PDFs, and legacy systems\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Australian SMEs} lose $14,857 and 541 hours a year to friction\u8212-manual handoffs, lost context, fractured data. Furthermore, Friction derails 70% of digital projects; locking 2.6M SMEs out of AI's transformative potential.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 These conditions severely impede AI adoption. The technology its elf is capable, but it lacks a stable foundation upon which to operate. The core failure point is not the quality of the AI model, but rather the business's execution readiness. As the saying goes, "You can't automate chaos. You have to fix it first." SrvdNeat strategically targets this often-overlooked pre-AI layer, which is critical for the success or failure of AI adoption.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Friction Patterns in SMEs\par}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx2880\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx5760\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Friction Type}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Description}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b SME Examples}\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2880\cellx5760\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Manual Load\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 High-volume, low-leverage work\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Intake forms, duplicate data entry\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2880\cellx5760\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Data Fracture\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Information spread across tools, no single source of truth\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Client info in Gmail + Xero + Excel\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2880\cellx5760\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Process Clarity\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 No clear workflow ownership or visibility\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Legal onboarding varies per employee\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2880\cellx5760\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Reactive Pings\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Teams operate by inbox, not logic\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Email \u8594 ? invoice manually, no sync\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2880\cellx5760\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Scalability\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Inability to standardize due to founder dependence\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Everything lives in someone's head\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2880\cellx5760\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Knowledge Silos\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Critical knowledge not captured or shared\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Lost context when a staff member leaves\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\cf1 [image: https://sdmntprwestus.oaiusercontent.com/files/00000000-6544-6230-9c3b-bd3f93a2ba8c/raw?se=2025-07-23T08%3A09%3A34Z&sp=r&sv=2024-08-04&sr=b&scid=edab2a93-2c08-5c68-bd75-b77fea8209fa&skoid=ec8eb293-a61a-47e0-abd0-6051cc94b050&sktid=a48cca56-e6da-484e-a814-9c849652bcb3&skt=2025-07-22T23%3A52%3A52Z&ske=2025-07-23T23%3A52%3A52Z&sks=b&skv=2024-08-04&sig=U31C9UWGpvPDnK29CLe0qHuSNwYqL3M0f4dCD1lNjm4%3D]\cf0}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 6. Solution Overview\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Note}\line \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b We ask what hurts before we force solutions.}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 The SrvdNeat Stack\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 A tightly integrated three-layer system designed to diagnose, deploy, and continuously improve AI inside real SME workflows. SrvdNeat fundamentally redefines the AI adoption model for SMEs. Instead of the traditional approach where AI is deployed first, leading to chaos and project stalls, our model is:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Traditional Model:} AI first \u8594 ? chaos reveals itself \u8594 ? project stalls\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b SrvdNeat Model:} Diagnose friction \u8594 ? stabilize workflows \u8594 ? deploy AI that sticks\sa180\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 1. NeatAudit \u8212- Friction Diagnostic (Free)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Purpose:} Identify where AI {\i should} be deployed\line {\b Format:} 5-minute online assessment \u8594 ? output within 24 hours\par}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx4320\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Function}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Description}\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx4320\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Friction Index}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Scores operational drag across 6 dimensions\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx4320\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b ROI Analysis}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Quantifies opportunity by use case\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx4320\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Feasibility Scan}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Assesses complexity, tools, and resourcing\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Output:} Prioritised AI roadmap with high-ROI interventions\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 2. NeatLM \u8212- Intelligent Orchestration\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Purpose:} Deploy tailored AI agents that *fit the business**\line {\b How it works:} Converts raw diagnostic data into executable automations\par}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx2880\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx5760\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Input}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Processing}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Output}\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2880\cellx5760\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Documents, tasks, behavioural signals\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Agent matching + workflow templating\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Business-specific AI agents\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Result:} AI that adapts to {\i you}, not the other way around\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 3. NeatPortal \u8212- Continuous Control & Optimisation\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Purpose:} Monitor performance, surface friction, and learn over time\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Functionality:}\par}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx4320\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Feature}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Description}\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx4320\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Agent Analytics}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Tracks ROI, usage, and outcomes\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx4320\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b User Signals}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Measures engagement and adoption\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx4320\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Friction Alerts}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Flags emerging issues and inefficiencies\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Output:} Self-improving AI infrastructure for SMEs\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 {\b The Customer Journey}\par}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx2880\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx5760\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Phase}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b What Happens}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Value Delivered}\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2880\cellx5760\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Audit}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Friction scored, roadmap generated\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Insight without commitment\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2880\cellx5760\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Pilot}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 1\u8211-2 agents deployed in 2 weeks\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Fast ROI and confidence\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2880\cellx5760\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Rollout}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Full-stack orchestration + Portal\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Long-term automation, zero waste\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 {\b Why It Works (and Others Don\u8217't)}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 1.\tx360\tab {\b We Start with Friction} \u8211- Most vendors start with what they\u8217've built. We start with what\u8217's {\i broken}.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 2.\tx360\tab {\b Agents That Fit} \u8211- NeatLM tailors every deployment to business-specific logic and tooling.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 3.\tx360\tab {\b Learning by Design} \u8211- NeatPortal isn\u8217't a dashboard. It\u8217's a feedback engine that compounds ROI.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 4.\tx360\tab {\b Zero-Risk Entry} \u8211- The free audit delivers value before any commitment. Sales friction = gone.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 \sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Infrastructure vs. Tooling Framing\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Most vendors offer point solutions or AI tools. SrvdNeat, however, builds essential infrastructure:\par}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx2880\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx5760\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Category}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b AI Tooling}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b SrvdNeat Infrastructure}\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2880\cellx5760\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Approach\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Point solution (e.g., AI email writer)\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Pattern engine (across operations, teams, workflows)\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2880\cellx5760\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Integration\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Requires SME to adapt to the tool\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Learns from SME behavior and adapts to it\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2880\cellx5760\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Deployment\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Static agent per task\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Orchestrated execution layer across systems\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2880\cellx5760\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Feedback Loop\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Manual retraining, reimplementation\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Live feedback \u8594 ? friction map \u8594 ? agent tuning\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2880\cellx5760\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Business Impact\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Productivity spike, then drop\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Compounding ROI via embedded intelligence\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 We are not selling "AI in a box." We are building the systemic solution that makes AI truly usable and measurably valuable for real businesses.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 5. Market Analysis\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 TAM / SAM / SOM\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Total Addressable Market (TAM):} 2.6 million Australian SMEs lose {\b $38.6B annually} to operational friction\u8212-manual handoffs, lost context, fragmented systems\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Serviceable Available Market (SAM):} 1.2 million SMEs in friction-heavy sectors: legal, finance, healthcare, NDIS, and compliance-led services. These are process-reliant businesses with clear stakes in efficiency and accuracy\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Serviceable Obtainable Market (SOM):} 420,000 digitally ready firms with clear, quantified admin pain. We qualify them by a friction index: >30% of team time spent on non-billable work. This unlocks a {\b $10\u8211-15B immediate revenue opportunity} for outcome-led AI deployment\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Segmentation\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 SrvdNeat targets SMEs that are willing but blocked. We call them:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b AI-Curious but Stuck}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 They exhibit three core traits:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Mindset:} Want automation, but distrust generic consultants or freelance builders\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Behavior:} Have tried AI tools (e.g. chatbots, Zapier) and quit due to complexity or low ROI\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Conditions:} Founder-led ops, regulatory complexity, and manual workflows that break at scale\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 These aren't laggards. They're early adopters with friction. They don't need more AI tools \u8212- they need an intelligent partner to remove the blockers.\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 7. NeatAudit Overview\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Diagnostic Scoring Framework\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 NeatAudit is SrvdNeat's proprietary AI readiness diagnostic, specifically designed for SMEs. It features:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab A rapid 5-minute digital intake process, requiring no account setup or technical jargon\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Structure around six universal friction dimensions\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Each dimension is scored on a 1\u8211-5 severity scale, weighted by its impact and prevalence\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab The output includes an Aggregate Friction Score (AFS), prioritized use cases, and an ROI-weighted intervention path\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Scoring Framework\par}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx4320\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Dimension}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Scoring Criteria (1\u8211-5 scale)}\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx4320\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Manual Load\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Volume of repeatable, low-value tasks\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx4320\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Data Fragmentation\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Number of disconnected systems + manual handoffs\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx4320\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Process Opacity\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Lack of visibility, SOPs, or automation triggers\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx4320\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Audit Reactivity\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Time spent reacting to compliance/client demands\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx4320\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Scalability Friction\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Workflows dependent on individuals, not systems\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx4320\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Knowledge Silos\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Critical information not captured, structured, or shared\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Scores are dynamically weighted based on industry, organizational size, and digital maturity.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Sample Questions by Category\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Manual Load:} "How often do you enter the same data into multiple systems (e.g., Xero + CRM + Email)? What % of your team's time is spent on repeatable tasks?"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Data Fragmentation:} "How many software tools do you actively use to manage operations? Do these tools sync automatically or require manual updates?"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Process Opacity:} "Can you describe your workflow for onboarding a new client? Who owns each step, and is that documented?"\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Each question is presented in plain English, is role-specific, and designed to extract genuine friction points rather than vague pain points.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Friction Index Scoring\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Sample Range: 1 = Minimal Friction, 5 = Critical Barrier)\par}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx2880\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx5760\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Dimension}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Example (Legal SME)}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Score}\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2880\cellx5760\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Manual Load\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Intake forms retyped from PDFs\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 4.5\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2880\cellx5760\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Data Fragmentation\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Client docs in Dropbox, billing in LEAP\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 4.2\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2880\cellx5760\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Process Opacity\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 No automated handoff from email to billing\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 3.8\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2880\cellx5760\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Audit Reactivity\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Compliance flagged late via email chains\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 4.0\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2880\cellx5760\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Scalability Friction\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Principal manually approves every document\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 4.6\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2880\cellx5760\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Knowledge Silos\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 No shared SOPs; "we ask Sarah" for everything\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 5.0\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Aggregate Friction Score: 4.35}\line {\b Recommendation:} Immediate orchestration of onboarding, billing, and approval workflows.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Output Mapping Example\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Upon completion of an audit, NeatLM generates a tailored solution path. For instance:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Input:} AFS = 4.3 | High admin in manual load, silos, billing\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Output:}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Deploy agent to extract onboarding info from email \u8594 ? sync with CRM\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Auto-generate client engagement letter \u8594 ? trigger billing setup\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Centralize SOPs and workflows inside NeatPortal for team access\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Time-to-value:} 24\u8211-48 hours\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Projected ROI:} 270% in the first 90 days\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 8. Competitive Landscape\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 {\i Of Australia's {\b 744 AI vendors, only 17% focus on deployment.} Within that group, {\b 85% chase generative AI} trends while {\b just 15% solve operational friction}. SrvdNeat dominates the NLP execution gap that generative AI vendors can't fill.}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Positioning Matrix\par}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx2160\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx4320\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx6480\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Vendor Type}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Example Companies}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Limitation}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b SrvdNeat Advantage}\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2160\cellx4320\cellx6480\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Generic AI Tools\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 ChatGPT, Notion AI\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 No business logic, no orchestration\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Behavioral logic layer with tailored agents\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2160\cellx4320\cellx6480\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 SME Automation\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Zapier, Make.com\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Requires technical setup, brittle workflows\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Pre-mapped playbooks, no-code agent deployment\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2160\cellx4320\cellx6480\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Vertical SaaS\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Clio, LEAP, Xero\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Solves one slice, creates silos elsewhere\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Cross-platform pattern engine\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2160\cellx4320\cellx6480\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 AI Consultancies\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Deloitte, Accenture\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 High-cost, slow, not scalable to SMEs\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Fast, repeatable, data-backed interventions\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 SrvdNeat distinguishes itself as infrastructure. It unifies, adapts, and learns\u8212-rather than simply adding another tool into an already chaotic environment.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Direct vs. Indirect Competitors\par}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx2880\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx5760\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Type}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Company}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Our Take}\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2880\cellx5760\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Direct: Orchestration\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Bardeen, Relevance AI\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Focused on tech-savvy users or enterprises\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2880\cellx5760\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Indirect: SaaS AI\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Jasper, Copy.ai\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Feature-specific, non-integrated\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2880\cellx5760\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Indirect: Consultants\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Fractional AI CXOs\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Not scalable, no IP flywheel\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2880\cellx5760\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Adjacent: Ops Tools\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 ClickUp, Asana\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Not AI-native, require manual configuration\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 SrvdNeat gains a competitive edge by combining orchestration, context awareness, and compounding data within a system that continuously learns from every deployment.\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Behavioral Data Moat\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Our defensibility is rooted in pattern density, not merely intellectual property. This is achieved through:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b NeatAudit Fingerprint:} Each NeatAudit generates a unique fingerprint of how SMEs operate\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Friction Cluster Identification:} NeatLM leverages this data to identify friction clusters across various industries\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Smarter Interventions:} Interventions become increasingly intelligent with each rollout\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Continuously Tuned Playbooks:} Playbooks are templated but are continuously fine-tuned for each segment\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Future Threats & Moat Preservation\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 As the SME AI market matures, we anticipate three categories of competitive threat:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 1.\tx360\tab {\b Vertical SaaS Tools Adding AI Layers}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Tools like Xero, Clio, and LEAP may embed AI features, but they will remain feature-bound and siloed\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab {\b SrvdNeat Advantage:} We orchestrate {\i across} systems, not within them\u8212-making us complementary, not redundant\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 2.\tx360\tab {\b Enterprise AI Orchestration Platforms Moving Downmarket}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Players like UiPath, Relevance AI, or custom consultant stacks may attempt SME targeting\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab {\b SrvdNeat Advantage:} Our product, pricing, and UX are purpose-built for SME velocity\u8212-low-code interfaces, rapid time-to-value, and no integration debt\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 3.\tx360\tab {\b Generic Copilots with Workflow Plugins (e.g., Microsoft, Google)}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab These tools will drive automation awareness but lack tailored context logic\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab {\b SrvdNeat Advantage:} Our moat is behavioral\u8212-the friction data, context maps, and adaptive agent logic trained across real-world SME operations. This isn't a plugin layer. It's infrastructure\sa180\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Our defense isn't just IP\u8212-it's inertia.}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The more clients we serve, the smarter our orchestration becomes\u8212-and the more painful it is to rip us out. This represents infrastructure-level learning\u8212-a dynamic map of SME behavior in motion, rather than static rules. Over time, SrvdNeat is poised to become the default pattern library for SME AI orchestration.\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 9. Business Model\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Pricing Tiers & ACV Breakdown\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 SrvdNeat employs a tiered subscription model designed to scale with the complexity of SME operations, rather than simply headcount. The key changes per tier are as followed:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Core:} internal, non-branded AI efficiency tools (frameworks to amplify effective work)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Plus:} internal, branded AI efficiency tools (internal infranet/chat etc)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b App/Scale:} Outward facing, branded AI deployments\sa180\par}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx2880\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx5760\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Tier}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Monthly}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Description}\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2880\cellx5760\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Core\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 $1.5K\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Basic agent deployment + NeatPortal access\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2880\cellx5760\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Plus\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 $3K\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Multi-agent orchestration + industry templates\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2880\cellx5760\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 App/Scale\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 $4.5K+\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Full orchestration, comprehensive support, and compliance wrap\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Blended ACV:} $33.3K AUD\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Average onboarding to activation:} Less than 7 days\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Average agent deployment timeline:} 24\u8211-48 hours\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Our pricing is value-anchored: clients pay for the measurable elimination of friction, not for arbitrary "seats" or "features" or unpredictable, often-spiking API pings.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Unit Economics\par}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx4320\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Metric}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Value}\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx4320\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Gross Margin\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 85%\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx4320\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 CAC (est. Year 1)\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 $7.9K\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx4320\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 LTV\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 $100K\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx4320\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 LTV:CAC\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 4.2x\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx4320\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Payback Period\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 8 months\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Efficiency is projected to increase post-raise due to the maturation of our Go-to-Market (GTM) engine and enhanced agent reuse. Our high margin is protected by an in-house orchestration engine, minimizing reliance on outsourced development.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Land > Expand > Compound Model\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Land:} Initiate with a free NeatAudit to quantify and highlight potential ROI during the initial meeting. Deploy 1\u8211-2 high-impact agents (e.g., for onboarding, billing, or compliance)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Expand:} Introduce multi-agent workflows (e.g., integrating onboarding \u8594 ? billing \u8594 ? follow-up processes). Activate NeatPortal for client-side usage and deeper engagement\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Compound:} Behavioral data continuously feeds our learning loop. Usage patterns trigger new intervention prompts, and margins expand without a proportional increase in headcount\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 This model creates a virtuous cycle: the more clients we serve, the more precise our interventions become, and the faster we can acquire new clients.\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 10. Technology & Infrastructure\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Modular Architecture\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 SrvdNeat is built as a modular orchestration platform with three tightly integrated layers:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel3 \b \fs24 10.1 Interface Layer (NeatAudit, NeatPortal)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Built on Next.js, Supabase, and Retool for speed and flexibility\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Designed for SME usability\u8212-low-code interfaces allow rapid iteration\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Broad low/no-code compatibility ensures NeatLM can map diverse client requests\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel3 \b \fs24 10.2 Orchestration Engine (NeatLM)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Multi-agent task handler with pattern-matching logic\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Uses OpenAI and other LLMs via an adaptive routing layer\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Instruction loops managed by a Redis-backed queue and worker pool\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Modular task execution allows for custom workflows without rewrites\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel3 \b \fs24 10.3 Learning & Feedback Layer\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Logs actions, tracks outcomes, and assesses quality in real time\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Feeds back into prompt tuning and agent selection\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Builds long-term performance advantages via flywheel refinement\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Behavioral AI Engine\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Unlike generative copilots that simply respond to prompts, our Behavioral AI constructs a dynamic context graph from real operational behavior.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Trained over 1.5 years on >10M tokens and 35+ iterations\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Ingests friction signatures from 150+ NeatAudit patterns\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Activates interventions based on real behavioral signals\u8212-not just triggers\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Continuously refined via deployment feedback and agent reinforcement\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 This isn't generative AI slapped on forms\u8212-it's a logic-aware, outcome-driven orchestration layer that evolves with each deployment.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Modular & Model-Agnostic\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Dynamically integrates new LLMs or custom agents\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Decoupled from single vendors (OpenAI, Anthropic, OSS)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Supports plug-and-play expansion across industries\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Defensible Learning Infrastructure\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Core advantage is not model access\u8212-but how we instruct, refine, and deploy them\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Pattern libraries + feedback loop compound with scale\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Harder to replicate than code\u8212-because it's built on behavior\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Security, Compliance & Scalability\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 SrvdNeat pairs enterprise-grade security with startup-speed adaptability.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Security:} RBAC, AES-256 encryption, TLS 1.3, full audit logging\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Compliance:} Aligned to SOC2 Type I; Type II targeted post-raise\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Scalability:} Stateless, cloud-native (GCP + Fly.io), horizontally scalable agents and queues\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Modularity:} Vertical-agnostic agents enable rapid cross-industry rollout\sa180\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 11. Go-To-Market Strategy\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Phased Growth Roadmap (Validation \u8594 ? Scale \u8594 ? Distribution)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Our Go-to-Market (GTM) strategy is structured in phases to ensure sustainable growth and market penetration:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b 0\u8211-6 Months (Validation):} Focus on founder-led sales and securing initial pilot wins. Target Outcome: $250K ARR from 10\u8211-12 clients\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b 6\u8211-12 Months (Scale):} Develop a robust content engine and test various channel strategies. Target Outcome: $1M ARR run-rate, with established playbook repeatability\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b 12\u8211-24 Months (Distribution):} Implement partner programs and further automate sales processes. Target Outcome: $2M ARR, preparing for a Series A funding round\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 This phased execution ensures early product-market fit, followed by scalable growth through predictable friction segments.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Full GTM in private access.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Channel Strategy\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Founder-Led Sales:} Targeted outreach to high-friction segments, particularly in legal and financial services. This approach aims for a 30\u8211-40% conversion rate from audit to deal\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Content Engine:} Development of diagnostic-style lead magnets, industry-specific friction benchmarks, and compelling founder narratives supported by case study storytelling\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b Content Strategy Examples}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 Our content strategy is designed to {\b educate, qualify, and convert} the "AI-Curious but Stuck" segment through high-trust, high-context materials. Core content assets include:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b E-books / Guides:}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab {\i "The Friction Economy: What It's Costing Your Firm"}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab {\i "AI Without the Chaos: A Guide for Professional Services SMEs"}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab {\i "The SME Friction Index: Benchmarking Your Operations"}\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b Founder-Led Narratives:}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab {\i Postmortems of failed AI deployments and what we learned}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab {\i Before/after client stories with ROI metrics and time-to-value curves}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab {\i Behind-the-scenes: Building behavioral AI for real-world SME workflows}\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b Interactive Tools:}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Free Friction Assessment Calculator\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab ROI projection tools based on audit results\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Industry-specific friction benchmarks and reports\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Partnerships:} Collaboration with member organizations (e.g., Law Society, Accounting bodies) to offer white-labeled NeatAudit for trusted distribution This includes shared-revenue or bundled offers. SrvdNeat enhances associations and networks by giving them actionable AI value to pass on to members\u8212-without the risk of recommending generic tooling. Benefits include:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab {\b Branded NeatAudit:} Offered as a free member benefit (e.g. "AI Readiness Diagnostic for Law Society Members")\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab {\b Revenue Share / Lead Attribution:} Structured for win-win monetisation\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab {\b Education-First Framing:} Positions the partner as a trusted AI navigator\u8212-not a product pusher\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab {\b Aggregate Insights:} Anonymous benchmarking data (e.g. "Average Friction Score for Accounting Firms") shared back with the org\sa180\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 We're not selling through partners\u8212-we're helping them deliver new value to their members, while capturing qualified pipeline at the point of trust.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Sales Flow: Free Audit \u8594 ? Pilot \u8594 ? Full Rollout\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b NeatAudit (Free):} Quantifies pain points and opportunities, providing custom output within 24 hours\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Pilot (1\u8211-2 agents):} A 2-week deployment focused on delivering quick wins\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Rollout:} Expansion of agents and activation of NeatPortal, followed by continuous optimization and upsell triggers\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 This sales process functions as a flywheel, where each successful step facilitates the next. All data across the user journey pins to a wheel that feeds right back into the cycle.\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 12. Pilot Case Studies\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Case Study 1: Huxley Hilltop Farms (Agriculture)}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Struggle with low motivation from seasonal workers.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Agents favoured transparency over rules.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Dashboard showed standouts & slouches.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Case Study 2: Racquet Film Lab (Creative Industries)}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Automated CRM via triggers and workflows.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab 300+ manual emails, 40+ human hours/week saved\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Saving a SME $1250 AUD+ a week\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Case Study 3: Civil Engineering Workmate (Construction)}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab 10+ hours per employee saved weekly\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Contract execution time halved\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Tangible ROI achieved \u8212- in less than 4 weeks.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Case Study 4: Critical Case Assist App}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Triangulated patterns: weather, meds, symptoms\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Exportable visual data for GPs.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Life-changing support \u8212- $10 in compute build.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b ROI Results & Industry Validation}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Average time-to-value: 24\u8211-48 hours.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Average ROI at 90 days: 2.5x\u8211-3.2x.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Implementation success rate: 95%+.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Net Promoter Score (NPS) from pilot clients: 92.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 We have unequivocally proven that our solution works. The next step is to scale these proven successes.\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 13. Product Roadmap\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Platform v1.0 \u8594 ? v4.0\par}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx2880\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx5760\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Version}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Key Milestones}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Status}\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2880\cellx5760\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 v1.0\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Core audit engine, first-generation agent deployments\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 \u9989 ? Launched\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2880\cellx5760\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 v1.5\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 NeatPortal MVP (team dashboard + SOP delivery)\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 \u9989 ? Live\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2880\cellx5760\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 v2.0\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Agent chaining + logic branching\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 \u55357 ?\u56580 ? In dev\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2880\cellx5760\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 v3.0\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Contextual memory + agent reuse across clients\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Q1 2026\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2880\cellx5760\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 v4.0\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Fully autonomous orchestration loop + user-trained logic\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Q3 2026\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Each successive version is designed to enhance stickiness, increase Monthly Recurring Revenue (MRR) per client, and strengthen our defensibility.\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Data Flywheel & Feature Expansion\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 As our client base expands, we compound three distinct advantages:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Pattern Density:} Every audit refines our understanding of SME friction, leading to the evolution of segment-specific playbooks derived from real-world data\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Instruction Optimization:} Our agents continuously improve their execution across various use cases, not just within individual companies. This reduces deployment effort and error rates\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Predictive Intervention:} Friction signatures enable preemptive solution nudges. For example, a system prompt might alert a user: "You're about to hit a billing bottleneck\u8212-would you like suggested paths forward?"\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 We are not merely adding features; we are systematically upgrading the SME nervous system, one workflow at a time.\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 14. Team & Hiring Plan\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Founder & Advisors\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Sam Attwood \u8211- Founder & CEO:} A two-time startup founder with successful exits. Sam brings a strong background in behavioral psychology and automation, coupled with over 10 years of experience in brand development, AI operations, and SME transformation. He built SrvdNeat from inception, securing paying clients even before the codebase was fully stable, demonstrating sharp capabilities in distribution, brand-led Go-to-Market (GTM), and execution psychology\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Martyn Reeves - Lead Advisor (GTM):} SaaS exec, 40+ years scaling B2B across US, EU, and AU. Now backing Australia's next breakout layer as recognised angel investor.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b AI Architecture Advisor} (TBD CTO candidate)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Brand Manager} (partnerships/growth)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Angel Operator} (Invested, active): Tech based\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Key Roles Post-Raise\par}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx2880\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx5760\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Role}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Timing}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Purpose}\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2880\cellx5760\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 CTO\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 At raise\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Owns technical roadmap, security, and infrastructure scale\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2880\cellx5760\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Brand Manager\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Month 3-4\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Builds out sales automation and partner engine\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2880\cellx5760\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Product Manager\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Month 6+\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Oversees agent deployment, tuning, and quality assurance (QA) loop\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Our hiring strategy is focused on compounding execution, not merely adding headcount.\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 15. Financials\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Revenue Forecast (AUD)\par}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx1440\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx2880\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx4320\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx5760\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx7200\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Month}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Clients}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Monthly ARR}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Annual ARR}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Cumulative Revenue}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Key Milestones}\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx1440\cellx2880\cellx4320\cellx5760\cellx7200\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 0\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 0\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 $0\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 $0\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 $0\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Seed funding secured\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx1440\cellx2880\cellx4320\cellx5760\cellx7200\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 6\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 10\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 $27,750\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 $333K\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 $162K\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Product-market fit\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx1440\cellx2880\cellx4320\cellx5760\cellx7200\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 12\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 25\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 $69,375\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 $832.5K\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 $588K\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Case studies and PMF confirmed\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx1440\cellx2880\cellx4320\cellx5760\cellx7200\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 18\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 45\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 $124,875\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 $1.4985M\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 $1.2M\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 GTM scaling phase\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx1440\cellx2880\cellx4320\cellx5760\cellx7200\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 24\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 60\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 $166,500\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 $1.998M\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 $2.1M\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Series A milestone\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx1440\cellx2880\cellx4320\cellx5760\cellx7200\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 30\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 80\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 $222,000\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 $2.664M\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 $3.16M\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Network effect kicks in\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx1440\cellx2880\cellx4320\cellx5760\cellx7200\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 36\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 110\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 $305,250\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 $3.663M\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 $5.9M\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Vertical dominance begins\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Average Contract Value (ACV):} $33.3K\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Gross Margin:} 85%\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Revenue Mix:} 90% recurring, 10% setup/custom integrations\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Break-even:} Approximately Month 20\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Key Metrics (Year 2 targets)\par}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx4320\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Metric}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Target}\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx4320\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 LTV:CAC\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 4.2x\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx4320\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 CAC Payback\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 8 months\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx4320\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Gross Margin\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 85%\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx4320\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Retention Rate\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 92%+ (logo)\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx4320\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Net Revenue Retention (NRR)\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 >115%\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Our primary goal is not immediate profitability, but rather to establish compounding unit economics and data defensibility.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Profit & Loss Statement\par}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx2160\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx4320\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx6480\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Line Item}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Year 1}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Year 2}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Year 3}\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2160\cellx4320\cellx6480\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Revenue\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 $457K\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 $2.0M\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 $3.16M\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2160\cellx4320\cellx6480\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 COGS (15%)\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 $68,550\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 $300,000\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 $474,000\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2160\cellx4320\cellx6480\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Gross Profit\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 $388,450\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 $1.7M\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 $2.686M\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2160\cellx4320\cellx6480\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Operating Expenses\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 $660K\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 $820K\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 $990K\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2160\cellx4320\cellx6480\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Net Profit\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 -$271,550\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 $880K\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 $1.696M\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2160\cellx4320\cellx6480\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Net Margin\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 -59.40%\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 44.00%\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 53.70%\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Sensitivity Analysis\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Base Case:} 110 clients, $3.66M ARR, strong 0.36 burn multiple\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Conservative Case:} 85 clients, $2.83M ARR, still efficient at 0.55\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Stretch Case:} 150 clients, $5M ARR, standout 0.28 burn multiple\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Key Assumptions\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Client Growth Rate:} Average of 2.5\u8211-4 new clients per month post-raise, driven by phased GTM and vertical channel acquisition\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Churn Rate:} Target logo retention >92% with embedded workflows and platform lock-in (current pilot churn: 0%)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Customer Acquisition Cost (CAC):} Estimated at $7.9K per client in Year 1, improving with partner channels and content-driven lead gen\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Blended ACV:} Maintained at $33.3K across tiers, with upsell potential via NeatPortal feature activation\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Gross Margin:} Held at 85% due to proprietary orchestration (NeatLM) and minimal ongoing support burden\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Sales Cycle:} Average audit-to-close window of 10\u8211-14 days with friction-qualified leads, proven through pilots\sa180\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 16. Funding Requirements\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 $2M Seed Round\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 We are raising $2M AUD in Seed capital to scale a validated model and own the orchestration layer for SME AI deployment. This raise enables us to convert proven pilots into a repeatable go-to-market engine, scale our Behavioral AI infrastructure, and strengthen the team to execute at speed.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Capital Allocation\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\cf1 [image: /Users/neatmac/Downloads/SrvdNeat%20Business%20Plan%20-%20visual%20selection%20(3).png]\cf0}\par}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx2160\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx4320\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx6480\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Category}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Allocation}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Amount (AUD)}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Strategic Purpose}\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2160\cellx4320\cellx6480\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Go-to-Market (GTM)}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 50%\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 $1,000,000\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Build repeatable acquisition engine: content, lead gen, sales automation, partnerships\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2160\cellx4320\cellx6480\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Infrastructure}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 20%\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 $400,000\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Scale NeatLM orchestration, deploy agent chaining, invest in data infrastructure\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2160\cellx4320\cellx6480\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Team Expansion}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 20%\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 $400,000\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Hire CTO and Head of Growth + support roles to scale product and GTM delivery\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2160\cellx4320\cellx6480\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Operating Buffer}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 10%\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 $200,000\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Preserve 24-month runway; ensure flexibility for reallocation based on signal\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 This allocation is intentionally biased toward {\b distribution and delivery}, not experimentation.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 The model is working. This capital scales what\u8217's already proven\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 24-Month Milestones\par}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx2880\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx5760\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Month}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Target}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b ARR}\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2880\cellx5760\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 6\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 10 clients live\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 $333K ARR\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2880\cellx5760\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 12\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 25 clients, playbook refined\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 $832K ARR\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2880\cellx5760\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 24\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 60 clients, vertical expansion underway\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 $2.0M ARR\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 These milestones lock in product-market fit, unlock channel scale, and position us for a high-conviction Series A.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Market Momentum Is Onside\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 1.\tx360\tab OpenAI's new Australian partnerships (announced July 2025) confirm what we've built early: The next decade of AI adoption will be won at the workflow layer\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 2.\tx360\tab SrvdNeat is uniquely positioned to serve the underserved 2.6M SME market, where execution\u8212-not access\u8212-is the primary barrier to AI value\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 3.\tx360\tab With 85% gross margins, strong early ROI (225% in Year 1), and a growing data moat, we offer a defensible, capital-efficient path to category ownership\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 This isn't a tooling bet. It's an infrastructure play\u8212-built to scale, and built to last.\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 17. Risk Analysis\par}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx2160\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx4320\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx6480\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Risk}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Severity}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Mitigation}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Contingency Plan}\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2160\cellx4320\cellx6480\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 GTM Underperformance\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 High\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Phased rollout, lean pilots, warm channels, and founder-led sales in early stages\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Reduce burn; extend free audit period; pivot to most engaged verticals\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2160\cellx4320\cellx6480\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Talent Acquisition (CTO)\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Medium\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Pre-qualified candidates; interim advisory oversight in place\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Interim fractional CTO or contract tech lead if hiring cycle lags\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2160\cellx4320\cellx6480\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Model Drift / AI Quality\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Medium\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Real-time QA layer; human-in-the-loop fallbacks; structured feedback loop via NeatPortal\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Revert to versioned prompts; enforce stricter fallback routing thresholds\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2160\cellx4320\cellx6480\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Compliance / Data Risk\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Medium\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Local data tenancy (AU), SOC2 Type I alignment, legal advisory retainer in place\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Accelerate internal audit; segment high-sensitivity clients by tenancy\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2160\cellx4320\cellx6480\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Market Timing Slips\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Low\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Friction-first foundation remains relevant regardless of hype cycles or adoption pace\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Focus on cost-saving messaging over AI enablement; use downtime to widen moat\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Operational & Market Dynamics\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab SMEs can be slow to act \u8594 ? We lead with a free Friction Audit to remove inertia and prove ROI up front\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Some verticals require education \u8594 ? We target pain-qualified niches (legal, finance, HR) with existing urgency\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Competitor noise will grow \u8594 ? Our moat compounds through usage\u8212-not hype\u8212-via proprietary friction pattern data\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 External Risk Considerations\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Economic Downturns} \u8594 ? SrvdNeat directly reduces headcount pressure and cost overhead\u8212-making it more valuable in lean times\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Regulatory Shifts} \u8594 ? Local-first architecture, SOC2 roadmap, and modular tenancy design protect against emerging data restrictions\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 We do not require perfect market conditions. Our approach is grounded in operational reality, proven need, and modular execution\u8212-positioning us to win through both upturns and headwinds.\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 18. Appendix\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 18.1 NeatAudit\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel3 \b \fs24 Thesis, Logic & Strategic Role\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 NeatAudit serves as the foundational engine for all of SrvdNeat's offerings, both technically and philosophically. It embodies our core approach to addressing the critical problem often overlooked by AI vendors: operational friction.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 As a utility, NeatAudit functions as a rapid 5-minute diagnostic tool that captures comprehensive operational context and generates precise instructions for our NeatLM engine. As a strategic concept, it validates three of our core beliefs:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 1.\tx360\tab {\b Context is Critical:} Large Language Models (LLMs) degrade rapidly when deployed without explicit context. NeatAudit ensures our AI solutions are built upon comprehensive foundational knowledge, transforming AI from a guessing engine into a precision tool\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 2.\tx360\tab {\b Flywheel + Data > Static Logic:} When integrated with an iterative system (our NeatIQ Stack), each audit enriches the next. The more clients we serve, the more precise and predictive our solutions become, creating a powerful data flywheel\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 3.\tx360\tab {\b SME Friction is Patterned, Not Random:} Cross-industry friction patterns are real and repeatable. NeatAudit collects standardized data across diverse verticals (e.g., legal, administration, finance), significantly increasing the value of these insights as the dataset scales\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Concept to Competitive Edge}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 NeatAudit originated from a simple yet profound question: What if we truly understood a client's problem before prescribing an AI solution? While seemingly obvious, most of the AI market bypasses this crucial step, prioritizing flashy solutions over actual operational fit.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Our early insight revealed that SMEs require automation at scale, but without the prohibitive cost or friction associated with high-touch consulting. NeatAudit provided a pathway to deliver customized solutions with minimal overhead, while simultaneously building an IP-rich dataset as a valuable byproduct.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 As our client base expands, the value of NeatAudit compounds:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab It delivers rapid ROI\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab It powers our behavioral AI engine\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab It builds defensibility through proprietary friction data\sa180\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel3 \b \fs24 Academic Research & Validation\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Below are references to the peer-reviewed SME pattern report on inhibitors and accelerators of digital transformation, alongside our own research on the topic. Following them is a brief overview of the academic groundings for the questions.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel3 \b \fs24 Paper A: Taxonomy of Friction in SME Digital Transformation\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Influences on SME Digital Transformation (Scholastica, 2023) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://streamshare.wireway.ch/download/wcr56iy8"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Download
}}}
\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Core Insight}: Digital transformation in SMEs doesn\u8217't fail because of AI, tools, or tech complexity. It fails because of {\b predictable behavioural and operational friction patterns}\u8212-repeatable across industries, functions, and business sizes.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b These patterns cluster under three proven categories:}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel4 \b \fs20 Focus of Attention\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Where leaders direct their limited cognitive bandwidth. If the CEO isn\u8217't driving it, it dies.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Executive Leadership: Degree of owner/manager engagement in transformation\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Strategy Alignment: Presence of a clear digital roadmap and vision\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel4 \b \fs20 Situated Attention\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 What competes for attention in the real world. Even motivated leaders can\u8217't focus if daily pressures dominate.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Employees: Staff resistance, low buy-in, or misaligned incentives\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Culture: Organisational norms that discourage change\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Skills: Lack of digital competencies or training pathways\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Finance: Budget constraints, short-termism, unclear ROI\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Risk Tolerance: Aversion to uncertainty or disruption\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Innovation Readiness: Capacity to experiment or test new workflows\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Tech Resources: Outdated infrastructure, IT bottlenecks\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Digital Tools: Overwhelming or underused software sprawl\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Market Pressure: Low urgency from competitors or clients\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Ecosystem Influence: Vendor lock-in, unreliable partners, or regulatory fog\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Structural Distribution of Attention}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 How decisions are made, information flows, and bottlenecks form.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Organisational Structure: Flat or siloed setups blocking initiative\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Processes: Poorly defined or undocumented workflows\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Project Management: Lack of ownership or clarity in execution\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Technology Adoption: Fragmented rollouts, missing integrations\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Data Management: Inaccessible, inconsistent, or incomplete data\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel4 \b \fs20 Why This Matters\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 These 17 patterns explain why even well-funded digital initiatives stall in SMEs. They\u8217're not tech problems\u8212-they\u8217're {\b friction problems}. They appear everywhere: {\b A law firm drowning in admin, a retailer with poor inventory visibility, a consultant spending 30% of time on compliance overhead.}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Same patterns. Same bottlenecks. Same outcome: digital fatigue and wasted investment. And they've gone unnoticed for the same reason selling tools has seen such great success: feature sets and complex tech has been sold as the height of AI. The world's forgotten that AI was promised in a very different way: a simplification tool unlike anything before it.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 SrvdNeat doesn\u8217't sell generic tooling. We diagnose these patterns early\u8212-then {\b deploy automation only where the organisation is actually ready}. Our behavioral AI is built to understand and respond to the friction taxonomy this research proves. In short:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Fix the friction, and transformation compounds. Ignore it, and it fails\u8212-predictably.}\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel3 \b \fs24 Paper B: SrvdNeat: Going Deep on Friction (2025)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 A deep dive into the nuances of success within rapid change. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://jsbs.scholasticahq.com/article/66283-a-taxonomy-on-influencing-factors-towards-digital-transformation-in-smes"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Download
}}}
\line {\b Pages} 25\line {\b Words} 8597\line {\b Characters} 61587\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 This report validates the thesis that operational friction within Small and Medium-sized Enterprises (SMEs) is fundamentally structural, not vertical-specific. An in-depth analysis of SME operational challenges reveals that issues such as resource constraints, process immaturity, and a lack of specialized expertise are inherent to the SME organizational model, transcending any single industry. It also draws conclusions on key areas shown below:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Orchestration over Tools}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 The defensible opportunity isn\u8217't in building better point solutions\u8212-it\u8217's in owning the AI-powered orchestration layer that unifies existing systems and eliminates structural friction.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Data Unification is Step Zero}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 No orchestration works without clean, structured data. The first unlock is a platform that can ingest, reconcile, and structure fragmented SME data across Legal, HR, and Finance.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Hybrid Architecture is Non-Negotiable}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 Winning platforms must combine LLM flexibility with symbolic logic. This neuro-symbolic approach ensures reliable, compliant, and auditable business outcomes\u8212-especially in regulated environments.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel3 \b \fs24 Sample Visual: Q&A Brief\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\cf1 [image: /Users/neatmac/Desktop/CleanShot%202025-07-20%20at%2020.04.36@2x.png]\cf0}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 NeatAudit is SrvdNeat\u8217's proprietary diagnostic engine built to evaluate an SME\u8217's readiness for AI adoption. In just five minutes, it identifies where friction exists\u8212-across systems, leadership, culture, and execution\u8212-and translates that into actionable instructions for our orchestration engine, NeatLM. This isn\u8217't a gimmick questionnaire or a glorified lead gen tool. It\u8217's a structured data grab that uses coupling logic to ensure the first time we talk to a client, we speak with conviction and use the kind of vernacular that evokes a relief. It's a tool that de-risks AI deployment and accelerates fit-for-purpose adoption, especially in organisations with high manual load and low digital confidence.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Structure}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b 25 questions}: 6 onboarding (not scored), 19 scored\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b 6 categories}: Urgency, Leadership, Budget, Tooling, Automation, Strategy\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Output}: Generates a total readiness score (0\u8211-100), internal JSON for NeatLM ingestion, and an executive summary used in both client-facing reports and internal prioritisation\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Scoring Tiers}\par}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx2880\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx5760\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Score Range}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Tier}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Interpretation}\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2880\cellx5760\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 0\u8211-25\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Not AI-Ready\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Focus on foundations: data hygiene, systems, and buy-in\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2880\cellx5760\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 26\u8211-50\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Early-Stage Readiness\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Good intent but weak execution\u8212-start with scoped pilots\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2880\cellx5760\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 51\u8211-75\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 AI Opportunity Active\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Solid core\u8212-ready for focused automation\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2880\cellx5760\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 76\u8211-100\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 AI-Deployment Ready\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Primed for rollout\u8212-start with high-ROI use cases and scale\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b What Makes It Different}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Behavioural-First}: Captures the human and organisational signals traditional consultants ignore\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Tightly Integrated}: Feeds directly into NeatLM to trigger tailored instructions, not generic recommendation.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Cross-Vertical Pattern Recognition}: Every audit enhances our friction taxonomy, improving predictive targeting.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Zero-Bloat Format}: 5\u8211-7 minutes to complete, no follow-up required unless qualified\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Strategic Role in the Platform}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 NeatAudit is not just a lead-gen tool. It\u8217's the front-end intelligence layer of the SrvdNeat flywheel. It captures the operational truth of each business, turns it into structured data, and enables surgical intervention with high adoption likelihood and low implementation risk.\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 18.2 Formative Documents.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel4 \b \fs20 A. The RAG AI Agent Module For Every SME on the Planet:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0  Looks at the white label possibilites of SrvdNeat's internal engine. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://streamshare.wireway.ch/download/wat1icd2"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Download
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel4 \b \fs20 B. Prompt Engineering Pilot 001: Archers (Omitted Alpha)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0  Showcases the internal syntax and systom prompts that produced SrvdNeat's first major validation. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://streamshare.wireway.ch/download/6a9h580a"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Download
}}}
.\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 SrvdNeat Technical Q&A\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Q: Why build infrastructure over vertical SaaS or tooling?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b A:} SME workflows break in structurally identical ways across domains. SrvdNeat focuses on pattern recognition and orchestration, not feature overload. Infrastructure enables scale, reuse, and data flywheels \u8212- SaaS tools can't.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Q: What's proprietary vs composable?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b A:} See below:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Proprietary:} Intelligence Layer (behavioural intelligence loop), NeatLM orchestration logic, NeatAudit signal set\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Composable:} Model APIs (OpenAI, Claude, Mistral), Zapier/Retool automations, CRM/POS integrations\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Q: Why Intelligence Layer?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b A:} Intelligence Layer is our name for the diagnostic-to-deployment loop. It codifies friction, deploys tailored solutions, and compounds intelligence with each interaction \u8212- forming the moat.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Q: Can this scale with a lean team?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b A:} Yes. We've intentionally used a modular low-code infrastructure (Zapier, Make, Retool) alongside scalable backend services (Vercel, Firebase, Supabase). Agents and workflows are templatized after stripping client identifiers, then used as foundational components for projects that show levels of repeatability.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Q: What's your upgrade path to enterprise-grade?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b A:} Retool and Zapier-based flows are containerised for easy migration to full-code agents or microservices. Post-CTO hire, high-friction flows (e.g. contract redline, risk scoring) will transition to custom infrastructure.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Q: How do you handle deployment repeatability?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b A:} Each audit tags workflows with friction signatures. Our matching engine maps these to pre-built patterns \u8212- 94% cross-vertical recognition accuracy, based on pilot data.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Q: Are you training your own models?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b A:} No traditional model training. We use MCP (Model Context Protocol) and A2A (Agent-to-Agent) orchestration to create hybrid models that combine multiple AI capabilities. This approach leverages existing models through intelligent routing and composition rather than training from scratch.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Q: Why a multi-model approach?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b A:} It avoids vendor lock-in, reduces latency risk, and allows selection based on domain (e.g. Mistral for speed, Claude for long-form logic). We're model-agnostic by design, just as our tech stack is intentionally broad, reducing restrictions on our output to ensure wide scope of ability.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Q: What's the learning loop?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b A:} All feedback (manual or behavioural) flows back into Intelligence Layer \u8212- improving pattern accuracy, recommendation speed, and agent selection over time.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Q: How do you create hybrid models without training?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b A:} Through MCP orchestration, we combine multiple AI models into specialized workflows. Intelligence Layer learns which model combinations work best for different scenarios, creating "hybrid" capabilities through intelligent composition rather than traditional training.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Q: Where is data stored and how is it protected?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b A:} Transient processing via encrypted API calls. Data is stored in Supabase/Firebase with access control via Auth0. No long-term retention without explicit client consent.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Q: Are you compliant with data protection regulations?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b A:} Compliance roadmap in place. Current practices include role-based access, encryption at rest, audit logs, and PII minimisation. Enhanced compliance measures planned for future growth phases.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Q: What happens if OpenAI/Claude changes access or pricing?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b A:} We abstract model access behind a routing layer. If one provider fails or spikes in cost, we redirect to fallback models (e.g. Mistral, Gemini, Claude). No workflow is dependent on a single model.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Q: What breaks at scale, and how are you mitigating it?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b A:} The following, with mitigation already sorted:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b API rate limits} \u8594 ? Mitigated via async queues, batch inference\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Low-code fragility} \u8594 ? High-usage flows scheduled for rebuild in full-code.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Monitoring gaps} \u8594 ? PostHog and internal alerts in rollout\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Q: What's your worst-case failure path?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b A:} If the orchestration layer fails, no client data is lost. Recommendations stall, not systems. The fallback is always a human-verified deployment (client sees paused agent alert).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Q: Moat and defensibility?} \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b A:} We're already an equivalent of 14-months ahead, with 10m+ in data tokens working on modular platforms that were validated as they were built (Manus - Ambient AI - MCP etc). In addition, a life, coupled capture of data points that iteratively feeds back into our model means we'll be running fast even at five clients. In terms of the modular internals, if you decouple the Q&A from the internal NeatLM engine, it breaks. If we do it, it breaks. Neither component can run independently, and neither component is commercially viable without the other. We've welded our defensibility to our limbs.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Q: How do you handle data ownership and portability requirements?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b A:} Client data remains their property - we process it transiently and store only what's necessary for service delivery. We provide data export capabilities and clear deletion protocols. Our architecture separates client data from our proprietary intelligence patterns, ensuring clients can extract their data while we retain our core IP. We're transparent about what data we retain for model improvement and always obtain explicit consent. For our intelligence flywheel, we use fully anonymized and aggregated patterns - no individual client data is ever used for model improvement without explicit opt-in.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Q: How do you protect your intellectual property and trade secrets?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b A:} Our core IP is in the Intelligence Layer orchestration logic and NeatLM engine architecture - these are protected through hard-front security and algorithms. We maintain strict access controls and compartmentalised back-end knowledge keeps. The modular design means individual components can be open-sourced while keeping the integration logic is proprietary. Our data flywheel and behavioral intelligence patterns are our most valuable IP assets, but remain bound to the intake engine that feeds them.\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Closing Note}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 SrvdNeat is not merely another AI tool. It is the operating system for an SME sector that has been left behind by the pervasive automation hype. We are already actively assisting real businesses in reducing friction, reclaiming valuable time, and unlocking the intelligence they were promised. Our mission now is to scale these proven successes. Let's build the infrastructure AI adoption actually needs.\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \par}
}
